Hey, Sophia, we know you’re in there.
Please, Jehovah, make it stop!
Heh, heh, heh.
What a loser!
Loser.
Let’s go.
Yeah, let’s get out of here.
All right, class,
today we’re going to discuss—
Sophia? You’re late.
I’m sorry. Uh, I was—
Never mind.
We’ll talk about this later.
Oooooooooo.
OK, OK. That’s enough.
Sophia, take your seat.
Today, we’re going to discuss the difference
between division and long division.
OK, class.
Here are the results from yesterday’s test.
Good work, Sophia.
Hey, Angela.
What did you get?
I don’t care.
Whoa!
D plus?
Well, at least there’s a plus.
Whatever.
What are you looking at?
Uh, hehe.
Sophia.
Uhhh!
Oops! I didn’t see you there.
It’s like you’re invisible.
Oh, what’s this?
No!
See you tomorrow.
Loser.
Are you OK?
Let me help.
Sometimes they pick on me too.
It was amazing!
And then Ms. Wilson said I could hold the bunny,
but I had to be very gentle.
Really?
I named him Fred.
But I didn’t get to hold him for very long.
I’m pretty much a bunny expert now.
Oh! Is everything all right, Honey?
Um . . .
See you tomorrow.
I’m fine.
OK.
Let’s talk about something very important:
prayer.
Caleb,
what are some things that you can pray for?
Well, I can pray for things
that make me happy
like a helicopter
or a mountain of ice cream
—uh, without the bellyache—
and Fred!
I see.
But tell me: When we pray before bedtime,
what do we pray for?
We thank Jehovah for the good things he made
like, like, animals,
the stars, and the ocean
and God’s Kingdom
and to help our brothers and sisters!
That’s right!
You can pray for your brothers and sisters.
And remember,
they are praying for you too.
We know that when we pray for the right things,
Jehovah hears us!
Then why doesn’t he answer my  prayers?
Oh! What’s wrong, Sophia?
You can tell us.
There’s a girl at school.
She’s so mean to me.
Oh, no!
Oh, Honey, it’s OK.
I prayed for it to stop,
but nothing’s happened.
Is Jehovah mad at me?
No, my dear.
Jehovah isn’t mad at you.
Maybe Jehovah can’t see me!
No!
There is someone in the Bible
who felt the same way you do.
Her name was Hannah.
Hannah loved Jehovah very much.
Hey, wait for me!
But someone named Peninnah
was very mean to her.
It’s so nice to see the children play,
isn’t it?
She had a bully too?
Yes.
We’re ready to eat.
Here’s your portion, Hannah.
And Peninnah, here’s yours.
She was very jealous of Hannah.
Ah, I’ll get some water.
You think you’re so special, Hannah?
Then why hasn’t Jehovah given you
any children?
Are you OK, Hannah?
Why are you so sad?
Others could not understand
why Hannah was so upset
because the pain was in her heart.
So she talked to the One
who would  understand.
O Jehovah, please, see me.
Remember me.
And do not forget me.
Please give me a child.
If you do,
I will give him to you all his life
to serve you.
What are you doing?
Why are you drunk?
I’m not drunk.
I’m under great stress.
Oh.
I’ve been praying for Jehovah to help me.
Go in peace,
and may Jehovah give you
what you’ve asked for.
Do you know why Hannah felt better
even though her prayer wasn’t answered yet?
Why?
Because Hannah knew Jehovah heard her prayer.
When Jehovah listens to your prayers,
he really listens.
And he knows just what we need
even better than we do.
But how does he answer them?
In lots of different ways.
Sometimes, we just have to wait and see.
Because he’s busy?
No.
Because it can be hard for us
to see the answer.
Let’s talk about what you can pray for . . .
. . . and what you can do tomorrow at school
to work along with those prayers.
I know that Angela and the other girls
are going to be mean to me.
But please help me
to be like Hannah tomorrow.
Help me to be strong like her.
And then she went to the tabernacle,
and Eli was there.
He was the high priest.
Oh, no!
It’s them! Run!
Look who it is.
Look over there. It’s them!
What do you think she did?
What did she say?
Is there about to be a fight?
Angela would win.
What do you want, Angela?
Oh, I was just wondering
if you had a pen that I can borrow.
Agh!
What do I do?
Jehovah heard her prayer.
Jehovah, it’s me, Caleb.
Please help Sophia.
And please
help Sophia be strong at school today.
Watch over the children in our congregation
like Caleb and Sophia.
Please watch over our children.
Help our children make you proud, Jehovah.
Please, Jehovah, give our children
the strength they need to face pressures.
Jehovah, please!
I need your help!
We ask you this prayer in Jesus’ name.
Amen!
Amen.
What? Are you gonna cry?
Stop, Angela.
You’re being mean.
And if you keep being mean,
I’m going to tell.
No, you won’t.
Yes, I will.
You can’t tell me what to do.
Let’s go, Zoe.
That’s my sister!
You’re so brave.
How did you do that?
I prayed for courage, and Jehovah helped me.
Hannah gave birth to a son
and named him Samuel
because as she said, . . .
It is from Jehovah that I have asked him.
There is no one holy like Jehovah.
There is no one but you.
Thank you, Jehovah.